News on UFR RDM policy update (#2264)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2023-11-16-uni-freiburg-new-rdm-policy/index.md

---
title: 'RDM policy at University of Freiburg'
date: "2023-11-16"

> tease: "New Research Data Management policy replaces previous version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tease: "New Research Data Management policy for the University of Freiburg"
```

hide_tease: false

> subsites: [all-eu]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subsites: [freiburg]
```

> main_subsite: eu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
main_subsite: freiburg
```
